Create 2024-03-20.md (#119)
department-of-veterans-affairs/developer-portal-content: content/direct-deposit-management/release-notes/2024-03-20.md

> We added Education Benefits payments to the Direct Deposit Management API so that all VA payments are associated to one bank account. This offers streamlined convenience for payees as well as decreases fraud opportunities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We added Education Benefits payments to the Direct Deposit Management API so that all VA payments are associated with one bank account. This offers streamlined convenience for payees and decreases fraud opportunities.
```

> The veteran must have been awarded either an Education Benefit, Disability, or Pension payment in order for the API to support creating, updating, and viewing their payment banking information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Veteran must have been awarded an Education Benefit, Disability, or Pension payment in order for the API to support creating, updating, and viewing their payment banking information.
```

> Note: The VA requires payment recipients to use one bank account for all payments. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: VA requires payment recipients to use one bank account for all payments. 
```

> To learn more, review: [Change Your VA Direct Deposit Information | Veterans Affairs](https://www.va.gov/change-direct-deposit/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more, review [Change Your VA Direct Deposit Information](https://www.va.gov/change-direct-deposit/). 
```
